Welcome only one is lower than the
corner of the collectibles in bunks
today I bring you these two surprise envelopes
the surprise envelopes of 'spongebob'
they hide a desktop pack that can
be green or blue orange
let's see what color we happen to
we
orange we have the color notebook
orange
but in the envelope is not only the notebook
There are also 7 different stickers
We have Mr. Crab Patrick
squid sponge the pet that
it's gary to plankton
and also an orange pen
which by the way also paints color
orange which makes it a bit difficult to see
the drawings in the notebook
let's hit squid here to give
Welcome to the notebook
and then for example to patricio we are going to
put it on the back cover that is
white color and leaves us then
customize it as we want
ready let's go with the following about the
next about without victims I do not know if
you will know the saga because it is a saga of
videogames that has been very famous about
all in psp there are three drawings or packs of
drawings that can leave us
so I can see there are two
Coloring drawings of two characters
in this case toxic at
and also ras de reuters
by god go more complicated names
in addition to the two drawings as well
It includes
a cast
I'm not sure what it is but
includes a mold and three colors so that
let's go coloring the drawings that we
They have given us
I will not forget to give me like the
video and leave me in the comments which
has been your favorite today because
true little ras and we invite you to
enjoy the pocket bar of the week
previous we leave the link in 321